Since the father
Sister Yunxi has decided on the candidate for the concubine
I don't need to care about this
Your Majesty, although Princess Linglong has chosen Qin Feiyang
But Wei Chen thought Qin Feiyang had a bad record
It's really not worthy of Princess Linglong
In addition, the case of me being detained by the palace that year
Not yet identified
So hum
old thing
I still want to ruin my marriage to the princess
You are so undead
Father Emperor
After all, the Zhenbei Palace saved the case five years ago
Crimson Catch Flying
Not worthy of our royal family
If you say you don't deserve it, you don't deserve it.
The massacre at my mother's house
I will find out the truth
Enough is enough, don't mention the old case again
This case has always been my concern
Your Majesty
All the rewards are ready
Princess Linglong negotiates with me
Order Prince Qin Feiyang to settle in the Duke's Mansion
Give father and daughter one
Gold thousand taels
Ten thousand taels of silver
Jewelry and jade ornaments
Finally, you have married the princess
It's really dangerous.
Thank you Your Majesty Long